## Test 07: History Execution !num [1 pts]

```

run ./$SHELL_NAME < "${TEST_DIR}/inputs/history-script-3.sh"
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
exec: No such file or directory
--------------------------------------------
 --> ERROR: program timed out (5s) 
--------------------------------------------

 --> Test failed (124)
```

